# MEVA-Data-Repo MEVA contribution: JHU-AIEM Drop 11

## Name

JHU-AIEM Drop 11

## Synopsis

These annotations were generated by the JHU-AIEM team.

## Description

* Scope: Training
* Number of clips annotated: 2588
* ActEV activities annotated: All 37 ActEV activities.
* ActEV namespace: new
* Other activities / objects annotated: see below
* Format: NIST json
* POC: Carlos Castillo, carlos (at) cs.umd.edu

# JHU-AIEM Annotations

These are the JHU-AIEM annotations obtained using Amazon Mechanical Turk. They were formerly known as the UMD annotations.

Some of the annotations were made using the IBM temporal segmentation obtained using Figure 8.

Some of the annotations were made running a recent JHU-AIEM system on the MEVA dataset and finding predictions
that did not overlap with the above annotations. Those predictions were then ran using Amazon Mechanical Turk to confirm
that the prediction is correct and to obtain boxes and objects.

The 2020.11 release includes more than 1500 spot fixes. Among other things we fixed some left turns for a right turns,
some enters for exits and some pickups for a put downs. We also removed some annotations where the activity did not occur.

## Release history:

* 2020.11: Released on January 14, 2021
* 2020.9: Released on September 24th, 2020
* 2020.7: Released on July 24th, 2020
* 2020.3: Released on March 18th, 2020
* 2020.2: Released on February 12th, 2020
* 2020.1: Released on January 16th, 2020

## What's included in Release 2020.11?

A total of 44537 labeled instances that occur in of 193.5 hours of annotated video, in two products:

* **Product 1:** cuboid (fixed rectangle + start and stop frame):
* **Product 2:** inner boxes (boxes roughly around every object that participates in each activity):

Software to view annotations from product 1 (overlay_cuboids.py) and from product 2 (overlay_inner_boxes.py).

FreeMono.ttf is copied from
[https://github.com/opensourcedesign/fonts](https://github.com/opensourcedesign/fonts) .

To run the software you will need:

* Python
* Pillow
* OpenCV
* The MEVA videos
